URL to video: https://youtu.be/SX6wfdOmDVk

Community Bites is a website that allows people to rate and review food trucks in NYC. The website includes a homepage with a mission statement of Community Bites, a search engine that allows people to look up existing restaurants in our database, and also to add more restaurants in our database. 
The website is created in Python using the Flask framework. Codes used in this projects include those from past psets, such as Birthdays, Finance, W3School, and the CS50 Duck (sorry I ruined your health!). Also special shoutout to Carter! Thank you for dealing with our constant questions and emails. 
All information about the restaurants and the ratings are stored in communitybites.db
For the restaurants database, there are 5 columns: id, name, address, average rating, and number of ratings. 
In the homepage, as soon as it loads, a soft, chill lo-fi music will begin to play to add some feeling of calm and relaxation as the user explores the page, look up their favorite food truck or restaurant. Users can go to other pages through the navigation bar in the top of the page. When clicking on the search bar, they will first be taken to the All Restaurants page. It includes a search bar where they can input the restaurant food truck name. It also includes a list of restaurants and their addresses (will be updated more as more and more restaurants theorectically join this website). However, to look up the page of the restaurant to leave a review, people will need to enter its name into the search engine (this is also to prevent spam users to spam the rating by making it more efforts if they want to mass spamming restaurants). After click submittig the review, the website will redirect to the restaurant page. 
